Viola was doing her stretching before she begun to exercise her ballet dancing. She had been dancing ballet for almost a decade. It has been her passion to be a professional dancer. This time a performance would be performed in a week time. She would come 3 hours earlier to the gymnastic and practicing her dance before a class was started. Stretching had been very tedious for the first time, now it was just a routine task before she had her practiced. “Ouch…”   Shout Viola suddenly. Her friend came rushing to find out what happened. “Are you alright Viola?”. It seemed that Viola had sprinkled her leg while doing a stretching.
A. Cried in upset,B. Keep Calm,C. None of the above,
A. Angry at the doctor,B. Listen with broken heart,C. None of the above,
She was afraid not been able to perform on the performance day. Suddenly she cried  in upset and her friend tried to calm her down. In her tears she could hear a voice said to her “Give thanks in all circumstances.” She knew that she needed to calm down, she prayed. Viola went to doctor and the doctor told her that she need to rest for solid 2 weeks.
She almost cried in upset because the performance was coming soon in a week. However, she remembered what Jesus had told her that in any circumstances she needed to be thankful. In her heart she prayed, and then she smiled instead. When she went to doctor, the doctor told her that it would be impossible for her to perform, because she need solid rest for 2 weeks instead.
She was upset and angry, blaming the shoes she was wearing instead.
The idea of not able to perform hit her so hard that she begun to get angry at the doctor. The doctor felt sorry, but it was for the best for her to get healed fully. Finally, she able to control herself, and apologize for inappropriate behavior she had caused. She repented for her wrong attitude, she knew that if she did not guard her heart, she would let the devil steal her joy. Then she remembered again, that Jesus told her to give thanks all the time.
Viola still believe in Jesus, though her heart is broken. She knew that this performance was important to her. In quietness she prayed again. After several days, she woke up early and as usual she prayed. With joyful heart she hoped for her leg to be heal soon. It was different, because she had her leg able to stand properly without a crutch. Then she just knew that her leg had been healed by the blood of Jesus. She walks slowly and find no pain at all, and finally she jumps in joyfulness. Again, she thanked God and shout for joy.
Viola felt despair and promised herself not to dance anymore if she could not dance in the performance.
So be careful how you live. Don’t live like fools, but like those who are wise. Make the most of every opportunity in these evil days. Don’t act thoughtlessly, but understand what the Lord wants you to do. Don’t be drunk with wine, because that will ruin your life. Instead, be filled with the Holy Spirit, singing psalms and hymns and spiritual songs among yourselves, and making music to the Lord in your hearts. And give thanks for everything to God the Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Ephesians 5:15-20 NLT
And so, dear brothers and sisters, we can boldly enter heaven’s Most Holy Place because of the blood of Jesus. By his death, Jesus opened a new and life-giving way through the curtain into the Most Holy Place. And since we have a great High Priest who rules over God’s house, let us go right into the presence of God with sincere hearts fully trusting him. For our guilty consciences have been sprinkled with Christ’s blood to make us clean, and our bodies have been washed with pure water. Hebrews 10:19-22 NLT
