Marry was about to go to Spring Hill for a conference. She had to get ready soon and had her car to be warmed up. However, the time was almost late, so she decided to pass the warming up engine. As she went pass by the first traffic light, the car stopped.
A. Find some help,B. Left the car and go with taxi,C. None of the above,
A. Go back and take the purse,B. Call the agency,C. None of the above,
She was destressed, but she calmed herself and prayed. Suddenly, someone came to her car and knocked lightly on the driving window. “Can I help you mam? “, asked the man. Marry was relieved and asked the man if he could help her to fix her car, so that she won’t be late to the conference. Finally, she knew that the man was a taxi driver, and just happened passing by on that street, and she was so glad to take the taxi and left the car so that it can be picked up by an agency to be fixed at their workshop. However, she was in hurry and forgot to take her purse with her. And it was in her car.
She was destressed, and decided to take a taxi without considering what to do next. While in the taxi, she found out that her purse was lost. In panick, she shouted and the taxi driver was surprised.
She was destressed. Finally she decided to quit going to the conference.
In her panic, she asked the driver to went back to her car. Soon she found out that her car has been broken into and her purse was stolen. She broke down and cried, and prayed in her heart. The taxi driver speak, “Mam, do not worry, I will call my fellow friends that working as taxi driver around this area, they will help out to spot the culprit for you.” Then, he called his friends and police as well. In no time, the culprit was caught and taken by the police officer. Feeling so much gratitude, she thanked him and paid the fare double. But the driver said, “Mam, God is good, I just want to help you and I think I still can drive you to the conference. And this is on me.” She was touched, and agreed.
She prayed for a wisdom from God. Then she told the driver, that she had left the purse in her car. The taxi driver smiled, “Don’t worry mam, it can happen to anyone. I am sure you were in hurry and had forgotten your purse. I will give you my contact number. You can find me anytime. If you’ve had your purse back you can called me and you can pay the charges.” Marry was relieved and thanking God for everything. She called the agency and informed them of her purse that was left inside the car. The agency assured Marry that they will kept the purse save.
In her panic, she asked the driver to went back to her car. Soon she found out that her car has been broken into and her purse was stolen. The taxi driver was about to speak, and she was so angry that she dismissed him. She called a police and felt that the conference thing was a bad idea.
Trust in the LORD with all your heart; do not depend on your own understanding. Seek his will in all you do, and he will show you which path to take. Proverbs 3:5-6 NLT
Let all that I am wait quietly before God, for my hope is in him. He alone is my rock and my salvation, my fortress where I will not be shaken. My victory and honor come from God alone. He is my refuge, a rock where no enemy can reach me. O my people, trust in him at all times. Pour out your heart to him, for God is our refuge. Psalms 62:5-8 NLT
