Daniel have been wanting to go to Spring Hill conference. However, He had always been busy and this time he promised to himself that no matter what, he will go to the conference. The project he had been doing almost finished in couple of days. He missed so much of the time when he was still in college. The Conference will be held yearly and he was involved in it. He was involving in youth ministry. Suddenly a call rang, and he picked up the phone. “Hi Daniel, our project is delayed because the boss wanted to change the scheme. Hope it only be a minor change.” Finally, the conversation end and Daniel was not happy.
A. Try to reach the boss,B. Still set his mind for going to the conference,C. None of the above,
A. Try to reach the boss,B. Feeling disappointed,C. None of the above,
He was so upset, and straight away calling his boss. However, the boss was unreachable. He was still upset, but he remembered that he need to pray all the time amid of everything. Than a phone rang again. “Hi Daniel, I am really sorry to tell you. You have been dismissed from the project and someone will be taking over your place.”
Even though he was upset, yet he knew that he could only hoping for the best. He prayed and asking God for a wisdom. Suddenly a phone rang again. “Hi Daniel, I am really sorry to tell you. You have been dismissed from the project and someone will be taking over your place.” Daniel was shocked, it was not because of the news, but because after he prayed and still set his mind for going to the conference, the answer from God is unbelievable.
He was so upset, and he decided to cancel his trip for the conference.
He believes his God and he would not let lies to overcome his feeling and mind. Daniel decided to call the boss for verification. “Daniel, you have been working so hard in this project. I would like you to have some rest for a week. This minor change will be easy to handle. I also heard that the conference that you have been always talking about is coming. Just go and enjoy your time and have valuable time for the conference. I want full report of your conference experience when I meet you again next week.” Daniel was touched and he just wanted to worship God because God is good all the time.
Disappointment almost overwhelmed him. He became confuse, if he even wanted to go to conference anymore. Before even he decide, suddenly a phone rang again for the third time. “Daniel, you have been working so hard in this project. I would like you to have some rest for a week. This minor change will be easy to handle. I also heard that the conference that you have been always talking about is coming. Just go and enjoy your time and have valuable time for the conference. I want full report of your conference experience when I meet you again next week.” With tears falling uncontrollably, Daniel felt so sorry to God. He prayed again and repented.
He was really disappointed and he went outside to  a park and relieved his stress by shouting out loud. The phone rang again for the third time after Daniel leave his apartment few minutes later. “Hmm, where is Daniel?”.
Don’t worry about anything; instead, pray about everything. Tell God what you need, and thank him for all he has done. Then you will experience God’s peace, which exceeds anything we can understand. His peace will guard your hearts and minds as you live in Christ Jesus. Philippians 4:6-7 NLT
Even though the fig trees have no blossoms, and there are no grapes on the vines; even though the olive crop fails, and the fields lie empty and barren; even though the flocks die in the fields, and the cattle barns are empty, yet I will rejoice in the LORD! I will be joyful in the God of my salvation! The Sovereign LORD is my strength! He makes me as surefooted as a deer, able to tread upon the heights. Habakkuk 3:17-19 NLT
