Warren know that the time is almost up. He need to be on board and it only left 15 minutes before the flight take-off. He was still on the check-in queue. Finally, he managed to get the ticket, and started running all the way to the boarding gate. On the way, he bumped with a lady, and she almost felt. Knowing she was an elderly, he stopped and helped her to pick her things that had fallen to the ground. She really appreciated Warren for being responsible and kind. When Warren finally reach to the gate, the door was already closed.
A. Panicked,B. Calm and think,C. None of the above,
A. Keep calm,B. Blaming himself,C. None of the above,
He was panicked, and start calling out at the flight gate attendance. He tried to convince the attendance that he was not suppose to be late, but because of a small accident that occurred where he need to help an old lady. However, the flight attendance insist that it was too late. Then Warren started to pray in his heart, and finally the attendance gave another news, it was still alright to open the door and let him in. But before he started to run along the hallway, he remembered that his small bag was left on the floor where he was helping the old lady.
He knew that if he could not take this flight, he could take another flight which will be in an hour later. So, he did not panic, yet he still wanted to try his best. While praying in his heart, he manages to get hold of the flight gate attendance. The flight was not yet move, Warren asked a favor if he could still be able to get into the plane. After a while the gate attendance confirmed that he can still make it. He was almost jumped for joy. Then suddenly he realized that a small bag that he had been carrying was not with him. Warren then remembered, that he left it on the floor while helping the old lady he had bumped before. 
He looks at the time and he knew he will be late. So, he decided to went outside instead. When he wanted to buy some food, he realized that his small bag was left inside the airport.
He still kept praying in his heart, and he tried to explain what happened to gate attendance. Before he decided to make a choice that he is going to take next flight, suddenly, an old lady came to him and the flight Attendance. "Young man, you have forgotten your bag, I wanted to call out, but you were running away so fast. I decided to find you because I think this bag must be very important to you." Warren so thankful to the old lady who he had bumped before. Finally, he could take the flight, and with tear of joy, he kept singing and worship Lord Jesus, for His unending love.
Then he stood there near the gate for a while and just stared at the hallway, he was really frustrated and did not know what to do. Finally, he decided to take the next flight. Then he ran back to where he left his bag. On the way there, he met the old lady. "Young man, you have forgotten your bag, I wanted to call out, but you were running away so fast. I decided to find you because I think this bag must be very important to you." Warren was so thankful to the old lady, and he was ashamed that he was easily distracted. Instead of giving thanks and kept on praying, he let the joy of the Lord slipped away and stolen by the circumstances. Yet he still gave thanks that his bag was recovered. This time he prayed again and guard his heart.
He was frustrated, and went to a toilet nearby. He stayed there for quite some time to calm himself. Then he went to a police station in the airport to make a report of losing his bag.
But to all who believed him and accepted him, he gave the right to become children of God. They are reborn-not with a physical birth resulting from human passion or plan, but a birth that comes from God. So the Word became human and made his home among us. He was full of unfailing love and faithfulness. And we have seen his glory, the glory of the Father’s one and only Son. John 1:12-14 NLT
Guard your heart above all else, for it determines the course of your life. Avoid all perverse talk; stay away from corrupt speech. Look straight ahead, and fix your eyes on what lies before you. Mark out a straight path for your feet; stay on the safe path. Don’t get sidetracked; keep your feet from following evil. Proverbs 4:23-27 NLT
