Endy have lot of stones collection. However, he did not know what to do with them. The initial purpose was that it looks beautiful and unique for each stone he collected. Until he heard someone said that it had a power to be used as a charm. He then became possessed by collecting them. His house has almost full of stones that messy around. Every time he used it to charm someone, he was fueled with jealousy, anger and bitterness.
A. Endy keep finding excuses,B. Start to consult his issues to someone,C. None of the above,
A. Not giving up yet,B. Blaming his friend,C. None of the above,
He could not stop this raging inside his heart. There is no more self-control. Everything seems to be either to fulfill this lustfulness or stop doing what is wrong. Because he need to feed his lustfulness, or rejecting his own conscience, knowing that he need to find solution for his sinful behavior. Finally, he remembered his friend that always encourage him to seek God, and he try to get him. However, nobody answered the phone.
He met a friend that always like to encourage him to find God. He knew there is God, but he did not want to get near to Him. This time he had troubled with sickness and rage. He almost wanted to end his life for not knowing that God love him despite his sinful nature. Then he decided to call his friend. He had called many times, but there is no answered.
Finally, he gave up and with no interest to change, he was getting deeper into darkness. Before he knew what is coming next, he only had one chance before it’s too late.
In his desperate hours, he decided to not give up, as he remembered that his friend ever said to him, “If you ever have troubled in life, you can call Jesus through prayer. He will be there for you, I promised.” For the first time in his life, he prayed. And suddenly he felt the peace that he never experienced before. He felt the love of God and assurance of His love that had redeemed him. He knelt and ask God to come into his life. The phone rang, “Endy, I am sorry, I was outside the house. Somehow my heart was burdened for you and God told me to go inside and see the phone.” Then they prayed together. Endy start a new life and destroyed all stones that he ever used for charming. He never felt so relieved and free from bondage of jealousy, bitter and anger.
Endy could not believe it, that his friend was not answering the telephone. He started to think negatively, and finally he wanted to end his life. Before he started to make any plan at all, suddenly a phone ringing. “Endy, I am sorry, I was outside the house. Somehow my heart was burdened for you and God told me to go inside and see the phone.” Then they prayed together. Finally Endy gave up his wrong doing, and destroyed all his stones that used for charming.
Finally, he gave up and with no interest to change, he was getting deeper into darkness. Before he knew what is coming next, he only had one chance before it’s too late.
Galatians 5:16,24-25 NLT  16 So I say, let the Holy Spirit guide your lives. Then you won’t be doing what your sinful nature craves. 24  Those who belong to Christ Jesus have nailed the passions and desires of their sinful nature to his cross and crucified them there.  25  Since we are living by the Spirit, let us follow the Spirit’s leading in every part of our lives. (Please read the whole periscope from Galatians 5:16 – 26 in the bible)
2 Corinthians 7:10 NLT  For the kind of sorrow God wants us to experience leads us away from sin and results in salvation. There’s no regret for that kind of sorrow. But worldly sorrow, which lacks repentance, results in spiritual death.
