The most beautiful time for Wendy is when she has family gathering. They would come together and have wonderful time. Since everyone busy with their works and some already married, Wendy found that having beautiful time was almost impossible. She planned to get the big family to have gathering event. Almost everyone could make it, however her favorite brother was not confirm yet. It had been four years since she saw him. This would be the most crucial moment to have him come to the gathering. He had been gone, and the last time she heard about her brother, he was in jail.
A. Search his whereabout,B. Wait for his call,C. none of the above,
A. Disappointed with her brother,B. Convinced him to come,C. none of the above,
Wendy love her brother so much, she would always pray for him. This time she would not just sit around and waiting for his confirmation. She found out where he lived, and make a time to visit him instead. Her brother was surprised and yet happy. He introduced his family and welcome Wendy warmly. Wendy was overwhelmed with his brother testimony, how he could manage to know God and finally blessed by God to have his own family. However, he has confirmed that he could not come to the gathering.
As soon she heard the news of his brother whereabout, she thought to herself, what would he be like. Suddenly she just felt uncomfortable because she knew that he was once in jail before. So, Wendy decided to just wait for his call. However, the time almost running out. So, she went to his house anyway. In spite of being relieved that her brother was a change man, he still not wanting to go for the gathering event.
Wendy finally did not even look for his brother, because is the last thing she wanted a distraction from a former jail brother.
Wendy was disappointed, yet she did not want to find out why he was not accepting her invitation. After a while, her brother asked if one of their sibling would be in the gathering event. She told him that this sibling was already died because of heart attack. He was shocked, and Wendy was surprised. Finally, she found out what happened with her brother, in the past. This sibling was the one who let him go to jail. Wendy felt sorry for him and prayed with him so that he can release forgiveness. Even he didn’t accept the invitation yet Wendy relieved that he could forgive their sibling.
There was a secret that she did not know. He was jailed because of another sibling. He told everything about the event that made him went to jail. Wendy was crushed to hear the story, however this is the time to tell the truth to his brother, since he had known Jesus already. She asked her brother to forgive, but it was too difficult for him to forget the past. Finally, Wendy told him that their sibling who had betrayed him was recently died because of heart attacked. He broke down and cried. Wendy took hold of his hand and they prayed together for healing of the bitterness he had. Finally, he was reconciled again with forgiveness and love from God.
Wendy finally went home and regretting that she ever wanted to see her brother.
One day Jesus said to his disciples, "There will always be temptations to sin, but what sorrow awaits the person who does the tempting! It would be better to be thrown into the sea with a millstone hung around your neck than to cause one of these little ones to fall into sin. So, watch yourselves! "If another believer sins, rebuke that person; then if there is repentance, forgive. Even if that person wrongs you seven times a day and each time turns again and asks forgiveness, you must forgive." Luke 17:1-4 NLT
Love is patient and kind. Love is not jealous or boastful or proud or rude. It does not demand its own way. It is not irritable, and it keeps no record of being wronged. It does not rejoice about injustice but rejoices whenever the truth wins out. Love never gives up, never loses faith, is always hopeful, and endures through every circumstance. 1 Corinthians 13:4-7 NLT
