Mandy had been a teacher in a small school for three years. She was teaching in elementary. Her teaching subject was science. One of her student was very active. He would always be running around the class even though he had been told not to. Mandy would never want to bring her students into a lab, because of this boy. She afraid that the boy will run around wildly and hit a thing that was not supposed to be broken. That day however, she needed to do an experiment for the kids. They were exciting, because it would be new experience for them to see some practical example. As they were all in the lab, suddenly the active boy was nowhere to be found. Mandy was panicked. “GO AWAY...”, shouted the active boy. From the voice she heard, Mandy knew that he was in a small closet in the lab. As she opened the closet door, the boy ran out so fast and almost hit his friend. Mandy able to hold his hand so he would stop. The face of the boy was pale.
A. Angry at the boy,B. Try to find out what happened,C. None of the above,
A. Angry at the boy,B. Try to catch him again,C. None of the above,
As the boy tried hard shook his hand off the grip, Mandy held more tightly and she was impatient and angry. She shouted at him and tried to make the boy stand still. He was pale and the whole body is trembling. Before even she could speak gently, the boy pushed her, and she was fallen to the ground
As the boy tried hard shook his hand off the grip, Mandy held more tightly and hug him straight away. She could feel the boy’s body was trembling. Nonetheless, he still revolting and both were fallen on the floor. Mandy’s head accidently knocked on one of the tables leg.
She grab the boy and call the parents straight away.
She stood up straight away and grab the boy fiercely and she could see his eyes were tears. Mandy decided to call his parent and told what happened. When the class was over, she went inside the closet, she found a skeleton that was hanging in there. Finally, she could guessed, that the boy was afraid of the skeleton. Her heart was broken, as she remembered how she had treated him. If she would just knew what happened, she would surely calm him down.
Mandy woke up straight away and grab again the boy. This time Mandy prayed in her heart. She hummed a song that worshiping God. The boy suddenly felt peace and stop revolting. Mandy finally knew that the boy was in a closet and saw a skeleton that usually used for Biology class. He was shocked and thought that it wanted to catch him. Mandy explained to the boy and showed him that the skeleton was not even alive. It just like a doll the ready to be used for science class and explaining the body parts of human. Finally, they could laugh together.
She took the boy and threw him into closet again. She called the parent, while the boy kept shouting inside the closet.
You used to do these things when your life was still part of this world. But now is the time to get rid of anger, rage, malicious behavior, slander, and dirty language. Don’t lie to each other, for you have stripped off your old sinful nature and all its wicked deeds. Put on your new nature, and be renewed as you learn to know your Creator and become like him. Colossians 3:7-10 NLT
All who declare that Jesus is the Son of God have God living in them, and they live in God. We know how much God loves us, and we have put our trust in his love. God is love, and all who live in love live in God, and God lives in them. And as we live in God, our love grows more perfect. So we will not be afraid on the day of judgment, but we can face him with confidence because we live like Jesus here in this world. Such love has no fear, because perfect love expels all fear. If we are afraid, it is for fear of punishment, and this shows that we have not fully experienced his perfect love. We love each other because he loved us first. 1 John 4:15-19 NLT
