Sandy look out the window and saw the sky is blue. His heart felt so peaceful, whenever he saw God’s wonderful work. The joyous moment that he will always cherish, while he still breathing. “Sandy, we are going to have the operation this afternoon, have good rest.”, said the doctor. Sandy was found having a tumor in his head. The doctor said that he could live for another 2 months. He was shocked at first, but when he remembered God’s goodness, the sadness and fear were gone. The love of God had been overflowing all the days of his life. There was no doubt and no condemnation, just peace.  The only thing he wanted to do is wishing that he could go to Spring Hill conference and have that moment of gathering with all God’s saint and enjoying the beauty of God’s miracle. He knew that he could be heal at any given time, but it was not his worry anymore. As the time goes by, there is no calling for an operation yet.
A. Worried about the doctor,B. Worried about himself,C. None of the above,
A. Keep on praying,B. Find out where is the doctor,C. None of the above,
Sandy looked at the time on the wall clock, it was almost 2 o’clock in the afternoon. Suddenly he was worried. He prayed for the doctor so that he would be fine. He prayed again and this time he prayed for the doctor’s family, the nurses, the hospital, for all the patients in the hospital. Finally, he finished praying, and look at the time again, and was already 5 o’clock in the evening.
Sandy looked at the time on the wall clock, it was almost 2 o’clock in the afternoon. Suddenly he was worried. He could only think the worst possible thing that can happened to him. Suddenly the peace and the joy vanished, but worried crippling into his heart.
Sandy looked at the time on the wall clock, it was almost 2 o’clock in the afternoon. Suddenly he was worried. He could only think the worst possible thing that can happened to him. Suddenly the peace and the joy vanished, but worried crippling into his heart. He called his family, and asked them to bring him to another hospital.
Then he decided to pray again, and this time he prayed all the things that burden his heart. He was praying also for his family, because he did not want his family to worry. The time passed so fast, and he fallen asleep. “Hi Sandy.” It was already the next morning. The doctor came and he told Sandy, that he was about to get ready for an operation for him. However, when he looked at the report of Sandy’s health, the mark of the tumor was not there. He believed it was mix up with another patient report. He had been searching again and there was no way to be found. He was quite shocked too. The doctor wanted to do another check-up again. As the processed finished, finally the doctor came and told Sandy, that the check-up has returned negative. Sandy was not sure about what the doctor said, but he could see that the doctor eyes were flowing tears. Finally, he found out that the tumor was gone. The doctor repented and believe that God is real.
He was so worried that he decided to call the doctor. However, the doctor could not be reach and he was beginning to panic. Then he prayed again, and he remembered God’s goodness, and finally he did not worry anymore. He started to sing again and pray for his doctor instead, that he would be fine and all the rest. The next morning, the doctor came and decided to have the surgery for him, and apologize for his lateness, because he could not find Sandy’s file. Sandy smiled and inside his heart he has peace. And he could see the blue sky and heard a small voice in his heart, “Everything is going to be fine my son.”
Somehow, he felt weird in his heart, but he did not pray anymore. He just wanted to sleep. Before he had one, the doctor came and had him for operation.
King David said this about him: "I see that the LORD is always with me. I will not be shaken, for he is right beside me. No wonder my heart is glad, and my tongue shouts his praises! My body rests in hope. For you will not leave my soul among the dead or allow your Holy One to rot in the grave. You have shown me the way of life, and you will fill me with the joy of your presence." Acts 2:25-28 NLT
You will tell his people how to find salvation through forgiveness of their sins. Because of God’s tender mercy, the morning light from heaven is about to break upon us, to give light to those who sit in darkness and in the shadow of death, and to guide us to the path of peace.” Luke 1:77-79 NLT
