Monty shout out loud and calling his sister to come and help. However, there were no answer. He was cleaning the house top roof. Suddenly he heard a phone rang and there was nobody answered. He could not think who else was in the house, yet he remembered that his sister was not going to school that day. She should take the call by now. What was happening he thought.
A. Get mad,B. Concern where his sister was,C. None of the above,
A. Confront the sister,B. Get mad,C. None of the above,
He was mad, and he felt the boil of his anger was raising up. He jumped down from the roof top, and bang the door. He shouted again and this time he could heard that the sister had picked up the phone
He felt uneasy suddenly, and he stopped for a while and prayed. Then he knew that he need to go down from the roof and took the phone. Before he wanted to take the phone, the phone rang was stopped and he could hear his sister voice.
He could not careless and just ignore the phone.
Monty thought, what is wrong with her sister, because he knew that she could hear his shouting voice just now. He went to the sister where she was picking up the phone. With shocked, he could see that his sister was bleeding. He took the phone off from her hand and closed it. "Don’t worry, I was accidently get hurt by the knife that I used in the kitchen." Finally Monty felt relieved, and thank God that he could went mad just now, but he was not, because he knew that his sister was more important than anything else he is doing.
He was still mad and went to her while cursing at her attitude, and when he saw that she was bleeding, he was shocked. Finally, he felt so sorry, and cried that he was almost wanted to scream at her in the midst of answering the phone.
Monty was at ease and ignored, and went back to work again.
His son said to him, ‘Father, I have sinned against both heaven and you, and I am no longer worthy of being called your son.’ "But his father said to the servants, ‘Quick! Bring the finest robe in the house and put it on him. Get a ring for his finger and sandals for his feet. And kill the calf we have been fattening. We must celebrate with a feast, Luke 15:21-23 NLT (Please read the verse 20 and 24 too and GBU always)
Don’t use foul or abusive language. Let everything you say be good and helpful, so that your words will be an encouragement to those who hear them. And do not bring sorrow to God’s Holy Spirit by the way you live. Remember, he has identified you as his own, guaranteeing that you will be saved on the day of redemption. Get rid of all bitterness, rage, anger, harsh words, and slander, as well as all types of evil behavior. Instead, be kind to each other, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, just as God through Christ has forgiven you. Ephesians 4:29-32 NLT
