Sammy has been going to the train station for couple of days. He feel that there is something going to happen. He does not know what is going to happen. Somehow his heart has been troubled and always wanting to go to train station. On that day, he went there and waiting from morning to evening time. "I have been wasting my time and nothing much happening in the station."
A. He decide to pray,B. He decide to go home,C. He stop coming to station,
A. He jumped to the rail,B. He shouted toward the man,C. He closed his eyes,
Sammy decided to pray and ask God, why he feel a burden and yet there is nothing happening in the train station. Suddenly he heard a loud voices from the crowds. He went there and saw someone was standing in the middle of the train rail. A train was about to coming through in a fast speed, but acknowledge that there was someone standing on the rail. It halted fiercely, yet it still moving toward the man that stand.
Sammy decided to go home and wanting to rest. On the way to exit door, he hear loud noises. He ran toward the crowds, and saw someone was standing in the middle of the train rail. A train was about to coming through in a fast speed, but acknowledge that there was someone standing on the rail. It halted fiercely, yet it still moving toward the man that stand.
Sammy was upset, and did not wanted to bother anymore about any noise that came from the station.
He jumped to the rail and grab that man in forced. Both of them fallen to the ground and rolling over to the side path of the rail. It was in nick of time, before the train pass through the rail where the man was standing. Sammy thanking God, for His love that endures forever. If he decided to go home, that man might already been crushed by the train.
Sammy shouted toward the man, but he seems to be not hearing him or the crowds that shouting as well. He prayed at once. Before even he finished pray, someone suddenly from the crowd jumped to the rail and grabbed that standing man on the rail. Both of them fallen to the ground and rolling over to the side path of the rail. It was in nick of time, before the train pass through the rail where the man was standing. Sammy thanking God, for His love that endures forever.
Sammy was afraid and he closed his eyes and run away.
The LORD will work out his plans for my life—for your faithful love, O LORD, endures forever. Don’t abandon me, for you made me. Psalms 138:8 NLT
Love never gives up, never loses faith, is always hopeful, and endures through every circumstance. 1 Corinthians 13:7 NLT