Dan worried so much about his future. He was engaging in many activities that suppose to enrich himself to be a good man, however he had insecurity in his life. He would let the doubts crippling into his heart and mind. When he tried his best in everything he do, he would not consistently doing it, because of the worried of his life.
A. Search for the truth,B. Keep trying with his own strength,C. None of the above,
A. Keep on trying with his own strength,B. Repentance heart,C. None of the above,
As he seeks the Lord and committed to walk daily with Him, he find that the strength to believe and have faith grew stronger. Yet amid trouble the doubts will shake him again.
As he struggles, he could not find peace and the doubts will shake him terribly.
Soon he lost everything.
Dan struggles and finding his way more and more in darkness, until he gave up and he finally knew that he need to find Jesus.
Dan repented and kept searching for the truth and he finally know the truth and the truth had set him free indeed.
Soon he lost everything.
"For this is how God loved the world: He gave his one and only Son, so that everyone who believes in him will not perish but have eternal life. God sent his Son into the world not to judge the world, but to save the world through him. "There is no judgment against anyone who believes in him. But anyone who does not believe in him has already been judged for not believing in God’s one and only Son. And the judgment is based on this fact: God’s light came into the world, but people loved the darkness more than the light, for their actions were evil. All who do evil hate the light and refuse to go near it for fear their sins will be exposed. But those who do what is right come to the light so others can see that they are doing what God wants." John 3:16-21 NLT
When he came to the village of Nazareth, his boyhood home, he went as usual to the synagogue on the Sabbath and stood up to read the Scriptures. The scroll of Isaiah the prophet was handed to him. He unrolled the scroll and found the place where this was written: "The Spirit of the LORD is upon me, for he has anointed me to bring Good News to the poor. He has sent me to proclaim that captives will be released, that the blind will see, that the oppressed will be set free, and that the time of the LORD’s favor has come." He rolled up the scroll, handed it back to the attendant, and sat down. All eyes in the synagogue looked at him intently. Then he began to speak to them. "The Scripture you’ve just heard has been fulfilled this very day!" Luke 4:16-21 NLT
